Auntie what's wrong
Ponyo, go to that house for a while
Yeah, sure.
I am Gao Xiangyu
My eldest girl has been waiting for you for three years
It's been three years and you've come back to this virtue
Do you want to give some compensation?
Auntie, just say it
What do you mean?
My girl has been waiting for you for three years
Should you pay for the loss of youth?
Auntie, it was you who asked me to go out and start a business
Now I'm back.
You asked me to pay for the loss of youth
How can I have money?
No money, no money, an IOU, and a handprint, right?
Auntie, is money really that important?
It's my business whether it matters or not
This youth loss fee must be paid
The IOU must be signed